everybody we've got data from mystery
ranch over here how you doing did it
good sit having fun so we've got two
products here gives the three-day
assault package the three-day assault
which is our original pack using what we
call the three zip design and this was
something I came up with a number of
years ago originally for a ski pack any
time you were building something well
they're going to be people who will do
things with it
we've worked with Camelback in the past
and they have a authorized version of it
our version I have to say uses
waterproof zippers peels open in this
manner so you can get it you're seven
feet away boom then it clamshell is open
yep you can split it open completely get
access to everything inside then it's
got a ton of pockets yep you got side
pockets here you can put a high
frequency or UHF antenna down behind it
this is what we call a radio wrap that
lets us lock in large chassis or slim
radios like if someone's 17 golf right
and then the antennas can slide up in
between yep right through these zippers
here first or you can hit your controls
from the outside right the pack itself
is one of the original packs we built
with our patented bolster system that
seats down over the plate in your body
armor it also gives a little bit of
space between the back and the frame so
there's some airflow the whole system
got pockets galore all over it well
people need pockets
I now can fit court water bottles in
there and you can use them as a dump
pouch if you have this adjusted to the
proper length this pack rides down at
the waist which makes it easy to use as
a dump pouch you have a hip belt system
that locks in place or folds away like
you said before we were talking like the
detachable hip belt systems and you end
up losing the hip belt absolutely
misplace entering a foot
easier to stuff it we easier just to
fold them back in place
also you can shove gloves in there and
you can run a handset from a radio down
and there so you can reach it easily
while you're on the go
the support system well we have an
adjustable system using a composite
piece that's actually made up out of PE
T and resume okay and wave flexes with
you it's half the weight of something in
plaster you have one that goes in the
top for your back yep one in the bottom
for your lumbar it goes the opposite way
so it gives a little bit of car they
both overlap and they can adjust to your
actual back length by inserting that
frame and then you have the ability to
either adjust it tall or short and this
is generally done on your back you
fasten the hip belt to your waist and
then a friend just pulls this out so
that the frame is basically right at the
top of your shoulder blade right about
there
that's meant to support mm-hmm now we
have taken this basic design because the
bag gives us access to everything and we
came up with a new version that we are
able to put on our larger nice frame
okay and this design is built so that we
can separate the upper part of the bag
from the frame we can also lock it in
tightly but this was really inspired by
watching
marine after marine after marine and
mortar teams strapping base plates to
the outside of their pack in the worst
possible place for carry and alone right
and it occurred to me that you know if
we simply built this with the nice frame
so that we could pop it off
detach the frame from the bag and put in
a little bit of carbon fiber framing on
the bag itself so it has structure we
could put any kind of outside load you
run across in between the frame in the
bag and then you get Molly
we actually have Molly up here but we
also have this adjustable system that
lets us make it big enough ultimately
gonna put a Pelican case in if you need
in this case our friends Barrett we've
been working with for quite a while they
have given us this weapon and it's built
so that we put it in at an angle so you
got the muzzle away from your head
you've got the stock away from your
thighs and it locks in so that all you
need is those two buckles and you've got
your weapon and you're ready it is worth
holding this has all the same components
are you doing once you include the frame
okay but it also gives you a huge amount
more flexibility same adjustable system
more sophisticated hip belt when the
frame itself a zipper is oh yeah I'm
telling yep frame itself is actually an
ALICE compatible frame in size and has
jumped across so comp and the
combination basically does tremendous
Samantha see the material different
types of materials I mean it's very
complex
well complex it'll do anything you need
to strap on but it's as simple as fold
it back upright it is all very every
packs very compliant yes yeah from the
material my room cereal so it's worth
noting we do have a plant in the
Philippines where we are supplying the
Australian military from and a lot of
our friends in Japan but everything we
produce everything we sell in this
country we produce in this
country it's amazing works out well
thank you for coming by and talking to
us thank you after